NEXT-12787 - [NEW] Administration: Add middleware to existing service (#181)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/administration/add-custom-service.md

> 

Reviewer: Do we need an `h1` here?

Reviewer 2: There is - just hidden. :-D

Reviewer: Ah nvm then :D

});
```

## Adding a middleware

BottleJS also allows us to add middleware to our services.

This code sample is based on the example in the [BottleJS documentation](https://github.com/young-steveo/bottlejs#middlewarename-func).

> For this we need to change our previously used service, like this: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this we need to change our previously used service, as seen below: 
```

    return joker;
});
```
```

## Reset Providers

> Another useful BottleJS is the [`resetProviders`](https://github.com/young-steveo/bottlejs#resetprovidersnames) function.

Reviewer 2: "Another useful BottleJS" what?
Function? Technique? Feature? There's on word missing

This function is used to reset providers for the next reference to re-instantiate the provider. 
You would do this to add decorators or middleware to your services after you have instantiated them.

```javascript
Shopware.Application.$container.resetProviders()

> ```

Reviewer 3: I would also add a practical example where you add middleware afterwards to existing services from the core

> If names param is passed, will reset only the named providers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the `names` param is passed, it will reset only the named providers.
```
